Meeting Minutes of the call on 2024 May 29th. 
Participants: 
  U. Buffalo (Jinjun Xiong) 
  U. Delaware (Chien-Chung Shen, Mathews Maurielo)
  U. Michigan (Sugih Jamin)  
  Purdue University (Elisa Bertino) 
  SRI â€“ (Yan-Ming Chiou)
  IBM (Dinesh Verma, Peter Santhnam) 

Discussions: 
   Logistics: Meeting to happen on Thursdays at 9AM Eastern-10 AM Eastern till end of August (thenn TBD depending on teaching schedule) 
   Technical: 
          - Elisa proposed adding concept of digital identity management as part of protocol. She will add the vision paper for the same. 
          - Sugih proposed focusing initially on REST/JSON based interaction. Accepted as the initial step by all. 
          - There was discussion on the mediator section, and a discussion on the various interactions within scope and out of scope. 
          - The agreement was to have in-scope interactions between genAI based services, but keep interaction between genAI services and existing services as out of scope. 
             This section ought to be added in the vision paper. 
          - There was discussion on the various tokens differences in various models, and if a common token structure was needed. 
             For the initial phase, the goal was to try to keep as much flexibility and model independence, and see where that leads to. 
          - There was discussion around adding an initial specification section in the documentation. 
  
Some of the figures are in the deck 2024-May-28.pptx

